CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

    Post-it Notes

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    Taking notes is a method of register important information for 
    reminders, homework, and other purposes. This keeps us informed about
    what needs to be done and prevents us from neglecting critical tasks.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

    I will learn how to connect to a database to save and retrieve the 
    information related to our notes.. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    I will use Tkinter to create the user interface, and SQlite3 to save and retrieve the notes.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    I will define the following functions: 
        - take_note
        - edit_note
        - view_note
        - delete_note
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
    Yes I will write a test functions for each function mentioned in step 5

